docs: :fire: remove references to CLI or app (#1013)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/design/index.qmd

    describes the high-level requirements, components, use cases,
    expected users, and how the system will be organized and structured.
-   [Interface](interface/index.qmd): The interface section gives a much

>     more detailed description of the software interface for the design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    more detailed description of the software interface from a design point of view.
```
Maybe? Or "description of the design of the software interface"?
